But here's the funny thing, guys. If you
look at who is running go to market at
some of the hottest AI companies from
OpenAI to to anthropic
on down, you'll see folks that spoke at
Saster in the past few years, you will
see the exact same people essentially
running the same playbooks they ran
before the AI explosion. Now, not
identical. There are differences and
we're going to chat about it, but
literally they're the same people
running somewhat upgraded versions of
what worked. So, here's my tough love
message. A lot of things are not working
quite as well as they did. Some things
are working better. It's not that
simple. We'll go through it. But if you
think things are dead or if folks on
your team are saying it's dead or you
hear mumbles in the hallway that it's
dead, I think it's you. I think it's you
because just about everybody that is
tapping into AI budget is reacelerating.
Hey everybody, it's Saster. Connect
data, automate busy work, and empower
teams like nobody's business with the
one platform that grows with you every
step of the way. Learn how Salesforce
works for startups at
salesforce.com/smv.
That's salesforce.com/sm.
[Music]
Hey everybody at Saster. Finn is the
number one AI agent for resolving
complex queries like refunds,
transaction disputes, and technical
troubleshooting, all with speed and
reliability. See how Finn can deliver
the highest resolution rates and highest
quality customer experience at
finn.ai/saster.
That's f.ai/saster.
[Music]
Hey everybody, get excited. Saster AI
London is this December, December 1st
and 2nd. And we're on track to
completely sell out with the playbooks
for AI and B2B. Join 2,000 plus BI and
AI leaders for 2 days. 2 days of
practical advice on scaling in the new
year. We'll have speakers flying in from
OpenAI, Whiz, Clay, Intercom, Finn, and
all your favorite B2B companies,
including yours truly with Harry
Stebings and more doing our live 20c
podcast. It'll be fun all in the heart
of London. Don't miss out. get your
tickets and you can still go to
podcast.sasterlondon.com.
That's podcast.sasterlondon.com
for a special discount just for you.
Good morning everybody. Welcome to
Saster AAI Live. I wanted to do
something hopefully brief and specific
but then open it up to any questions you
guys have on go to market sales and
marketing today in the age of AI. And I
really just wanted to hit on one thing.
I'll give you I'll give you a whole
bunch of points around it, but one thing
because I just I I see a little bit less
of this on LinkedIn than I did six
months ago, but man, I see way too much
that go to market is dead, that uh
outbound doesn't work anymore, that SEO
is dead, woe is me, that all this stuff
just doesn't work in the old goto market
toolkit. I would say last year was a
little confusing for a variety of
reasons that we'll get into. But here's
the funny thing, guys. If you look at
who is running go to market at some of
the hottest AI companies from OpenAI to
to anthropic
on down, you'll see folks that spoke at
Saster in the past few years, you will
see the exact same people essentially
running the same playbooks they ran
before the AI explosion. Now, not
identical. There are differences and
we're going to chat about it, but
literally they're the same people
running somewhat upgraded versions of
what worked. So, here's my tough love
message. A lot of things are not working
quite as well as they did. Some things
are working better. It's not that
simple. We'll go through it. But if you
think things are dead or if folks on
your team are saying it's dead or you
hear mumbles in the hallway that it's
dead, I think it's you. I think it's you
because just about everybody that is
tapping into AI budget is reacelerating
now. You can see it everywhere. Notion
just said they're reacelerating at 500
million in AR as they launched their
agents. Dialpad and talk to us have
added nine figures of incremental AR
from their AI agents this year. All this
Nvidia open AI money is trickling down
to vendors that supply them. Data Dog
has accelerated because it sells to all
those leaders because it does all of
DevOps for Open AI. There's just so much
trickle down from this insane spend in
AI. The problem is you're not getting
any of that spend. You're not getting
into this spend. Others are and we'll go
through it. So, is it dead? You know,
Halloween's coming up. Or is it you?
It's you. Okay. So, a few examples. And
if you guys have questions, put them in
the chat or save them up because I want
to spend more time on questions than
slides. But I wanted to present a few
things. We've done a bunch of workshop
Wednesdays and others and um we've got
another post on this on Saser this week
on how we're using our AISDR. Okay. And
here's some data. Amelia put this
together. But it almost doesn't matter
what this says. This is us tuning up our
AISDR. Yes, we replaced our human SDR
team with an AI. Yes, we had to train it
for a month. Yes, we have to train it
for every day. But once we do it, it
works. 206 leads to Saster from this
from 500 5,216 messages. That's pretty
good. Um 136 responses. So that's a
pretty high direct connect rate and 52
positive. Well, I guess some were
negative or neutral, but this works.
This is sending 5200 messages out and
getting 52 folks that want to buy from
us. Pretty good out of,200 leads. Really
52 out of,200 is pretty high. Are there
challenges? You know, first we all we
all, you know, if we let's be honest, a
couple years ago, we were loading up a
bunch of random purchase names into
Salesoft and Outreach and Friends and
just spamming everybody in the same
cadences. And we all saw that decline
well before the age of AI. With AI, it's
worse because we're getting more of it.
In fact, with AI is making more of more
of it mediocre rather than terrible. It
makes more of it mediocre. There's fewer
typos, but it's still not very good. And
yes, is that stuff performing worse?
Yes. But send an email and add value to
the customer. They're going to open it.
It's not dead. Outbound is not dead.
It's you and your team. Two, just a fun
one. Maggie Hot, who's also coming to
Saster AI London in December, be there
that's going to share how OpenAI does
its go to market. I asked an AI version
of her, what are the top gotomarket
things that that you do? Top go to
market tips. And it's the same stuff. I
like this one. A lot of folks think
pilots don't work anymore. Customers are
are aren't paying. Our pilots aren't
converting. Blah blah blah. Open AAI
does pilots now. Open AAI, the hottest
company on planet Earth, arguing other
video to close big deals. They have to
do pilots. In fact, here's the thing,
folks. If you listen to this, if you
listen to the recent 20VC Harry, Rory,
and I did with Mark Benoff, he wants to
do more pilots. Everyone wants is
talking about forward deployed
engineers. We could do a whole workshop
Wednesday on that. But Mark had a good
point. I asked him what he thought about
Mark Benv what he thought about forward
deployed engineers and and he's like, I
love it. I want to have my team before a
customer even signs a contract be in
production with a great AI agent. I want
it already working. The old school
version of this is sort of try a pilot,
sign the contract and maybe over two
years we'll roll it out to everybody.
Even Mark wants to go hard on day one
but they want to do it. Pilots still
work folks. So if folks are saying it's
not working, it's because they don't
really want your product anymore or at
least they don't want more of it which
we'll chat about. Okay. Three. What
about old school stuff like webinars and
case studies? Man, those can't work.
Well, here's anthropic and cursor
partnering on a webinar to produce case
studies. I mean, this stuff works.
People discover you. They want social
proof. They want to know who else is
using your app. In fact, in many ways,
all this stuff, in my experience, works
better today than it did 18 to 24 months
ago. Why? Well, we've seen a vendor
explosion. I can't tell you how many
times a day I get questions, which AISDR
should I use again? And I I'm always
like, well, Google it. We did like 11
webinars on this. But I get it every
day. Okay. Every day. And what is that?
It's just it's a birth of new discovery.
Like for years, our vendors were kind of
fixed. Oh, should I do Salesforce or
HubSpot for CRM? And should I use Zoom
Info or Apollo?
Uh, now there's a hundred AI fueled
vendors and and a lot of them are new.
What should I use for video? Should I
use Higsfield? Should I use Reef for
images? Companies you didn't even hear
of 12 months ago. So people are doing
more discovery than they have in our
work lifetimes. And that's why this
stuff helps because I want to know who
else is using that app. Who else is
using Gamma? Who else is using Artisan?
So webinars and case studies aren't
dated. Check all the leading AI guys.
They've got it all over the website and
they're doing it with each other. Okay,
here's a a subtle one that's not so
subtle. Brand.
Why are all the AI leaders everywhere?
Why are Greg Jensen and Sam on the left
here doing this this week? Why does
Amjad from Replet on Joe Rogan? I mean,
you know, craziness and Austinness
aside, you know, Replet is in a brutally
categorable
almost as fast. Bolts at 60.
Wi, believe it or not, Wix bought base
44 and they're growing almost as quickly
now. This is a brutally competitive
space. I just saw a new one, a new
competitor launched on YC today. I just
asked it to redo the Saster London site
better today. It did an okay job in
about 5 minutes. There's so much
competition. And again, when I'm
deciding which product to use, I want
constant reinforcement of who the
winners are. Brand still matters. This
stuff works. This is the go to go to
market playbook. It may even be even
more critical today
when
PLG and there's so much AI demand that
we need more help making that decision
quickly and maybe more important than
it's ever been because there just aren't
the same defaults. Okay, another one.
Here's here's Figma. Figma convig
thousands and thousands of its customers
together. Events still work. In fact, if
you talk to a lot of marketers at faster
growing tech companies today, they're
actually quietly doubling down on events
if they can get their teams to do them
because they know it works being in
person with prospects and customers.
They know it works in an era of so many
vendors and so much noise and so much
confusion that connecting with people in
person works better than ever. Some
marketers are struggling that their team
doesn't really want to do the work
anymore. They don't want to build the
booth. They don't want to show up. They
don't want to spend the time, but it it
works better than ever. And you know, on
the tech side, look at how many
hackathons everyone's doing. Lovable,
Bolt, Revenue Cat, everybody. You just
you I mean, you can't walk 60 ft in San
Francisco and not stumble into a
hackathon morning, noon, or night. I
mean, they're everywhere. And there's a
lot of things going on here. But it's
also marketing. It's also marketing. Get
folks building. The more folks you can
get building on lovable, the more folks
are going to stay with lovable. Events
and IRL, they still work.
Okay, here's one that a lot of folks are
complaining about on the LinkedIn, too.
Oh, SEO is dead. You know, I I got all
my customers from SEO.
Well, let's slow down, guys. Okay, first
of all, here's Sasser itself. I honestly
don't know why, but our SEO is up,
depending on where I look, 3x to 5x in
the last 12 months. Okay, it's just up.
It It is up. Now other now I is is is it
perfect? Is chat GBT and others also
taking traffic away? Yes, both are
happening. Both are happening and
there's no question many leaders if you
look at what G2 is saying we just did
Amelia and Guilm just did a a SAS
session with with their CMO Sydney Sloan
the other day. Their SEO is down. Like
parts of their SEO are down but it's not
zero guys. I don't know anyone that had
like great SEO that wrote some of the
most canonical best content teaching you
how to do something really important who
a year ago millions of people are
reading it and today it's zero. I just
don't know anybody. So one it may not be
down okay two sure LLMs and chatb are
taking some of that adjust the world
changes but three it still works. This
it still works. So if somebody's telling
you woe is me SEO is dead. It's just
another excuse. It's you. It's you.
you're not producing enough highquality
content that the internet wants to hear
what you have to say. Produce great
content, it works. And I actually think
that's what's happening with Sasser on a
variety of reasons for what it's worth.
If you look at this little chart on the
right,
I actually never looked at this data
until like a month ago. That's what
happens with a small team. But our
average position in Google SEO is only
28. Like that's pretty bad. If if you
talk to, you know, an SEO marketer, they
want you to be number one or number two
or number three. We are number one or
number two or three for some things but
overall we're 28. But actually I think
if you look at what everyone says out
there SEM Rush and others actually chat
GBT and friends benefit you if you have
high authority but you're lower lower in
Google because they don't care. They're
just looking for the best piece of
content to answer a question. So we've
probably benefited from that. Not
because in the old days we had lots of
we were number one for how to hire a VP
of sales, but Sastster's got 10,000
posts on just about everything.
everything you could possibly imagine in
DTM. So, we're going up. So, I'm sorry
if your outsourced agency content farm
strategy from 2023 doesn't work today.
But that doesn't mean SEO is dead,
right?
But let me summarize it and then dig
into a few things that maybe are working
differently today. One thing is clear,
and I have a lot of data I just shared
on outbound and SEO and others. I don't
have the perfect date here, but I can
tell you from just about every startup I
work with or invest in or our own stuff
is like crappy is working less good.
Crappy is clearly working less good.
Crappy outbound, we don't want it,
right? We're blocking folks. crappy PR.
If you guys want if you guys recognize
that PR has changed like dramatically,
but you want it, you want to be at SAS
or you want to be on Joe Rogan, you want
to be profiled, it's worse than ever
because these AI tools have actually
made mediocre PR so easy. I don't know.
I used to get like a now I probably get
20 emails a day with stuff that's
embargoed and mediocre and some AI that
writes a pretty good email saying that
someone I've never heard of wants to be
on our podcast. like it it it's easier
than ever to do crap and it's just not
working right.
The third thing what I see this is where
I see so many especially marketers
struggle but CRO's too. The low energy
crap that still kind of worked a few
years ago. The the the cloned boring
campaigns that that that there's no
reason I would go. Low energy stuff,
incredibly boring events with recycled
speakers, boring digital events. it just
doesn't work. Like we don't we don't
we've lost patience for the 11,000th
thing or the 10,000th ROI calculators
aren't good enough. So I definitely
think running the same in many ways
running the same playbook from 2 or 3
years ago with less energy, you would
think it nothing works cuz that stuff
don't work. At least not in my
experience. So here's a couple
challenges to think about.
Some of this sounds captain and obvious
but I got to tell you don't see enough
people doing it. If you think
something's not working, instead of
complaining or giving up on it or
investing less energy, what about making
it awesome? What about making it
awesome? Audit. Just like we've said on
Saster for the better part of a decade,
you have to read your sales team's
emails because they're probably
terrible. Even today, they're terrible.
Even with AI, they're probably terrible.
Slow down and audit everything. Okay?
Make it awesome. So, for example, we've
done a bunch of sessions on our AI
agents. Amelia has done a bunch with
Gamma, which we're super fans of. And
one of the things that Gamma lets us do
is take our own sales collateral that we
use for SAS events and we have to close
10 plus million of SAS sponsors just to
keep the lights on because our events
are so expensive. That's our annual
10,000 people. We got to we do have to
close some sales
and we you know we used to have a
terrible perspectus that we would finish
like 4 months late. Then we had
something that was okay. Then we made it
really really good and polished. It took
and we had a designer do it. But then it
was static for a year. like we couldn't
really change much and then sometimes
someone on their sales team would use an
old one or they would move it around or
break it. It was terrible. Now we use
gamma which does dynamic decks with AI.
It's and everyone gets a custom deck
now. Now sometimes there are a few
downsides. The what we can do with
design is not quite as great as we can
do with the designer. But if someone
wants a booth in this, we instantly tell
them how does the booth work? What's the
ROI? Who are similar sponsors? Who are
similar people that have been doing it?
everyone instead of getting an okay
piece of collateral, get something
awesome. Make your collateral awesome.
Make your outbound awesome, right? Ask
yourself if this stuff's actually any
good. It's probably not any good. Ask
yourself if you would take that meeting,
if you would go to that webinar, dust it
off. Get the best person from the
hottest customer you have to come to do
your webinar. No one wants to go to the
low energy stuff. Try making it awesome.
Okay, just a few more points.
the it's not though if you look at the
hottest sort of AI B2B and AI startups
it's not that they're running different
playbooks but they are remixed they are
different and a few obvious points but
it's worth bringing up how they are
different I would say almost if you look
at most of the hottest AI fueled B2B
companies many of them have a sales
motion right the whole the whole open AI
presentation from maggot annual and the
one she's going to update in London it's
all about how the go to market team and
sales team works right there are plenty
of sales teams at Enthropic. There are
plenty of sales sales folks at
OpenAI, but many of them there's fewer.
So we had the chief business officer of
Perplexity at Saster this year. You can
read the post. He had five folks on the
sales team. Five folks on the sales
team. The sales teams. There are sales
teams at Replet and Lovable and Bolt and
others, but they're small. We're going
to have an upcoming session with Versel.
They're they're chief business officer.
They have one human SDR and 10 agents.
Okay. Okay, so the teams are often
smaller, but it doesn't mean they're not
working. It's just it's just AI fueled.
And the third point, and this is
confusing, what's going on? I mean,
you're like, you turn around and you're
like, "Oh my god, how did how did Replet
go from 1 to 150 million? And how did
Higsfield go from, you know, 0 to 50
million in 5 months and gamma 60 million
this year from nothing? It's like there
must be these great marketers or great."
No, I what they have and I know this is
obvious is this is just the strongest
demand in PLG we've ever had. They're
just running PLG on steroids. They're
trying to do everything, create some
verality, create brand awareness, create
this and that to keep the engine going,
but if you can provide insane value with
AI and B2B and you can get the word out,
the demand may be insane. So that is
different and fueling that demand is
different, but it's ultimately deep down
it's just PLG on steroids.
And again, my last challenge to you when
you when you scratch your head and you
look around at these folks that are that
are running circles around you, just
realize this like do go on LinkedIn and
see who's who's their head of sales,
who's their head of marketing. You're
going to see folks that worked at
wherever Brex and Ripling and Ramp and
Data Dog and You're not going to
see folks that have been doing AI since
they were in grammar school or anything
like that. You're going to be seeing
folks again, you're going to if you look
at half of the top SAS executives that
has presented it at annual and and
online over the last decade, mo most of
the best ones are still in the game, but
many of them are at the hottest AI
companies. So, it's it's not like they
they've created an LLM on their own,
right? It's not it's not none of this
stuff. They're running versions of the
same playbook, but this PLG pool is
insane. Okay, so just a couple points to
summarize and then then I'll take
questions on. So, that's what's the
same, but on steroids. What's not
working and what's different.
I know a lot of you know this, but it's
worth slowing this down.
One, we just talked about it, so I won't
spend more time, but the demand for
these high ROIA products is insane. It
is insane. And I can just tell you with
some of the ones we use, um, they're
because we can do something incredibly
valuable we could not do before. So, we
spend a couple hundred bucks a month on
Replet. Now, what do we have? A new
Saster AI, a new homepage, a new Saster
valuation calculator that anyone can use
to value startups. We've had over
300,000 people use it in 5 weeks.
300,000 valuations. Maybe not maybe
fewer people, but 300,000 valuations. We
just launched an AI that reviews your VC
pitch decks. It's free. It It's pretty
awesome. We should cross a thousand
folks have used it by the weekend. So,
you know, the like Gamma at first when
Gamma came out for for decks, I'm like I
said to Ameilia, "Oh, this is like a
cool AI tool for decks, right? I didn't
totally get it, but it's not just a
better PowerPoint or Google Slides or
Canva." No, it lets us create dynamic
decks for sponsors for sales we could
never do before. That's a new use case.
It's like super powerful or the videos
we make on Higsfield. So, this is why,
and I have this at the end, this is why
so co-pilots are like a failure. No one
wants to pay for the office co-pilot
that does a little bit extra for another
20 bucks a month. They want something
that does something incredibly powerful
and very meaningful with almost instant
ROI. But if you have that, the demand is
like we've never seen before. This is
sort of end user demand. The second
point which I know everybody knows but I
see too many people still banging their
head against the wall
in the enterprise or once you're
budgeted once you once you're at the CIO
or even in an a bigger company there's
budget and listen to anybody on the
internet any CIO out there they're going
to tell you the same thing I'm actually
there's too much demand for AI tools
across my organization there's too much
demand I I don't even know what to do
today but I can't turn it off today
everyone wants more AI tools across my
company, but I'm still cutting the
efficiency tools. I've still got 200 SA
classic SAS tools for pipeline
management and this and that. I want to
end the year with 200 or less. And even
worse, Salesforce just raised prices
again the other day. Everyone's raising
prices. Zoom just raised prices again.
Everyone's raising prices. So, they want
to hold the line on the efficiency
budget in software. But even worse, even
if there is any extra budget, it's all
being taken up by price increases, which
what does that mean for you? Again, if
all your app is is an ROI calculator, if
all it is is you're trying to show how
to make the sales team 10% more
efficient,
that was the game in 2021, no one has
any budget or interest in that today. No
matter how great your app is, there just
isn't any budget at the CIO office. It's
all being consumed by AI and price
increases. it. Listen, if you break out
and do something no one's ever done
before, you'll get budget. But that's
really no different than AI. There's
still always experimentation and new
budget. But there just isn't any budget
for another 20 sales tools today. There
just isn't.
Okay. And the last point why so many
folks aren't getting AI budget out
there, if I look across startups I've
worked with or invested in, is
it just has to work. It just has to
work. And this is why so many mediocre
co-pilots, so many sort of pseudo AI or
hey, we added a little bit to our app.
It just doesn't work. Like the, you
know, the classic B2B was, hey, you
know, this is going to create efficiency
in your company. Try it a little bit and
then over the over a year, you'll see it
roll out across the org. Now, there's
still some truth in that in AI apps, but
we're expecting magic upfront. And going
back to the whole forward deployed
engineer Mark Benov's point, we're
expecting the vendor to do most of the
work to train this app and to get huge
ROI up front. I mean, we again we we
essentially replace two human
SDRs with our AI SDR, but it's not that
simple. It's not just paying money and
walking away. It's a lot of work and it
has to work or there's no point in it.
So, you could kind of a sales team and a
little bit of marketing fluff could
promise a lot of efficiency benefits in
the old days. No longer. You got to
deliver this ROI almost instantly.
That's what everyone's expecting. So, no
lame co-pilots. If you if you're
wondering why your product isn't growing
fast from the age of AI, you have a lame
co-pilot that doesn't change the game
almost on day zero. Even Mark Benoff
wants to do that. He doesn't know how
yet today, but even he wants to do that.
So,
my last I know slightly annoying kick in
the ars and then we can take questions
if if we have any, Amelia. uh be honest.
Everyone that has something good today
in B2B that can tap into AI budgets,
okay, one way or another, either they
can tap direct like at the proumer level
where there's just enduser demand or
they can tap into it at the CIO's budget
because it provides that value. They're
all getting lifts. And I think if you
talk to any investor,
and I just had this conversation at YC
demo day, you'll hear the same thing.
They'll tell you, look, half of my
companies, my preAI B2B companies are
accelerating now. half of them are
accelerating and half aren't. And it's
not just again a lame co-pilot or
adding, you know, a little AI
calculator. It's fundamentally adding
insane more value than you can do before
that taps into AI budget. So, if that's
not you, hit hit it's almost too late,
but it's not. Hit stop, hit pause, and
figure out what what's changing in your
industry and tap into this budget. And
look at this fun one on the right. This
company, Filevine,
Co has been part of the disaster
community for 10 years. It's over
10-year-old company doing case
management for law firms. Always had
product market fit. He reached out to me
over years. The numbers were always
strong, but but it was an ordinary
vertical SAS company. And then boom,
they just leaned in and legal deep deep
on how to change case management with
AI. Now it's worth three billion and
it's accelerating. And I think the
founder is going to come to London in
December and share how they really did
it for real. How they really AI
nativeified a 10 plus year old product.
But if you do it, the budget's there.
You do it, the budget's there. It's
there for notion. It's there for
Filevine. Even stuffs that are hard, you
know, intercom said Finn as a standalone
product has already crossed 50 million.
Okay. It'd be nice if it was 500
million, but that's from 0 to 50 million
by leaning into where the budget is,
right? Dialadic said they're
accelerating earlier this year 300
million, right? It does work. But don't
pretend if you're not seeing
reaceleration now in in the end of 2025,
it is you. You are not tapping into
where the budgets and customers are in
the age of AI. So go go figure it out
before before it's too late. So that's
just my my analysis of why it's all
still working. So I don't know if we
have any questions, Amelia, but we could
we could open it up if we do.
Yeah, first question. I know we covered
it a bit, but I think it's an
interesting nuance. So, the question
from Cheryl is about our faster AI SDR
agent that we use. We've got a few. Can
you share more about what you trained it
on? Was it only past successful emails?
Did it go through an exercise to
identify what good looked like? I'll
give my take on it real quick just
having training the agents a bit and
then J can can share his learnings on it
too. I think the interesting nuance here
even though we've covered this is that
you actually don't you
counterintuitively don't upload your
good emails to any of these AI FDR
platforms. Like literally none of them
that I've looked at, none of the ones
that we use, even some of our AI agents
that do like meetings, bookings with our
inbound, didn't ask us what like good
outbound or what good inbound look like.
So, I think that's kind of maybe the
counterintuitive learning. None of these
really do that when you train them. Like
that's almost a like prior to 2025 way
of thinking about, you know, how if I'm
going to train a person, right? If it's
a if it's an outbound SDR, I'm going to
train them on all the best sales calls.
I'm gonna get all the best gone calls,
whatever it is. I'm gonna find all the
best email from our team. Train this
person on that so that they can
duplicate that in where the AI is
fundamentally different. It doesn't
necessarily need to know those things or
want to know those things to bias the AI
because it's going to make it a lot more
personalized to whatever's going on with
that person today to add value. So the
way we've trained our AI SDRs
specifically for outbound is I never
loaded into the platform. Okay, here's
some of our past very good outbound
emails. Honestly, they're fine. Once you
look at your past outbound emails that
like eventually led to close one deals
from a human SDR, I'm like, they were
always just okay. Like they were they
were okay. And then the AISDR,
what we trained it on and said was not
what a good look like. We just trained
it on, okay, here are different
personas. Here are our core personas. We
trained on our core personas. We trained
it on, okay, based on past knowledge,
what do we think would be the best way
to add value to them, train the AI on
that. The AI will scrape in any of these
tools, will scrape what they're doing
now, right? It's going to look at their
LinkedIn profile. It's going to look at
their website. It's going to look at any
funding news. It's going to look at any
announcements they've done. It's going
to look at their company X account. It's
going to look at their personal
LinkedIn. It's going to look at their
professional company LinkedIn. And so
when you train it on based on adding
value, that's where the bulk of the
training is. It's not what good looks
like necessarily. Now, you could argue
that because you're training it so much
on adding value, that is what good looks
like. Sure. Um, but it's different than
traditional like, hey, let me upload to
the AI platform a little screenshot, you
know, that Mikey did the team to book a
deal. It's training it on adding value
to the customer and then letting it do
its magic, which is it can scrape all
these data signals in a way that no
human can, right? Like that I can't,
that Jason can't that no no human SDR
that you ever hire will ever be able to
do because they don't have access to all
these datas and insights and Chad and
Claude and whatever to go see what this
person is doing, right? And so that's
where it will then formulate a sequence
for you to reach out to this person on a
way more personalized level. And I think
again the nuance there is that good
looks different to every single person,
right? And versus trading it on like
what good may look like for five
personas, you're basically teaching the
AI how to get it good for the thousands
of people versus just like 10 emails are
pretty good and the rest for great.
>> That's a good that is a good insight. I
the one thing I I I think layered on top
of that one um those great emails are
the past, right? They're helpful, but
they're a relatively smaller data point
than you might think, right? Two, you're
ingesting lots of signals, right? Almost
in real time. But three, here's the
thing that I didn't get until the other
day until a new platform was demoed to
me. It's Captain Obvious, but um they're
all running multivariant tests. So, the
thing is one, it's great that you have
one email, but they're running three,
four, five, six different tests and then
they're iterated and then they're
attempting to personalize it, right? You
can put multiple you can run multiple
tests in a way it's no human's ever
going to do. Right? I've never met a
human SDR that can run five multivariant
versions of an email and iterated and
make an improvement and see how it
interacts with signals. They're just
cutting and pasting often in three
different colors and two different
fonts. Right? So the the training is as
much about the iteration of the data
that comes out of it as it is all the
history of what's worked in the past.
That's a pretty that's a non-intuitive
and pretty small part of it. Would you
agree with that?
Yeah, I would say so. It's a combination
of thinking about it as it's going to
take probably the same amount of time as
it would to train a human being, but the
training is not the same, right? Like in
the way that you would train a human STR
on good emails, good calls, you know,
what brand, right? It's much different
on how you're telling an AI to go about
and do this because it has just so much
data. Often times I find myself telling
our AI to keep it simple, right? like
add value and like here's my laundry
list of things you could say and you do
want to put in all these variables cuz
again good will look different and
custom to each every single person
versus like bucket but at the end of the
day like you want to arm it with those
things but like it will decide for you
right a lot of these AI platforms
especially for outbound you can put in
like I think we have like 20 different
things in artisan right now that it
could pull up on if I want to try and
book a meeting for sale there's like 20
different data points from SAS
responsors literally in the last like
two months. But I'm not going to tell
it, hey, use that one when you're
outbounding dial pad. Use this one when
you're outbounding Zoom. I let it decide
it and it will decide it based on what
they're talking about, right? So that's
just another nuance and like we we're
overtly explicit to all of our AI that
we always wanted to add value and so
we've set it up to be very conservative
on how much it talks about SAS and we
keep it simple and we typically talk
about them a bit more and then it
surfaces some of the stats of how we can
help them.
>> Okay. Uh cool. There's a next question
which is related. A few folks have asked
what are we driving towards with the
AISDR? Is it a meeting with um an AE?
>> One small point out there's there's so
much we could talk about here. The um it
is interesting. I don't you know the
on the qualified side right on
essentially the the the inbound, right?
Um, what I really like that and and
again there are a lot of things you you
could do this preair with other tools.
It's just much better now is that now
the it's not perfect but the AI will
qualify the prospect on its own, right?
So there's nothing I hate more than a
qualification step which is not with a
seller, right? It's just awful. So we
don't do that anymore. And then as it
does it without without seeming
obnoxious, it then does create the
appointment and sets up the meeting and
puts it in the calendar of the rep.
Right? That's a huge positive rather
than, you know, even today in 2025, I
can't tell you how many times uh I
inbound to a vendor and it's like a week
before I can get a meeting set or
someone tries to qualify me out. It's
just unacceptable today, right? I mean,
literally, there's a vendor there's a
there's a pretty cool tool, a niche tool
that I literally love. I hadn't seen
anyone automate this before. So, I I
reached out to them on Twitter and I
said, "Listen,
if you can get this to work for me, I'll
be I'll be on your homepage. Like, I
will tell everyone to buy your product.
It's so great." And then a week later, I
get a DM from the CEO, "What happened?"
Um, I mean, what do you mean what
happened? You did nothing. He's like,
"Oh, we emailed you." I'm like, "I don't
know who on your team said they emailed
you, but like I got no emails."
This is a week later. And he's like, and
then finally the CEO sends me the email
himself. I'm like, I I love you, but
that last week I'm I'm too busy. I like
you lost your window, right? So, if you
if that that tragedy you can eliminate
instantly with AI, like that should not
happen. The the stealth qualification,
you can pull all the data, you can pull
all the signals, you can it'll hook up
all the data on the API. I already know
who you are, right, for the for the
company, for us, right? That meeting
should be set in real time. Like, they
just lost me. I might do this in a month
or two, but like I I'm pretty busy until
after Halloween now. So, they lost their
like super fan customer like I would
have been there you know and if we
really back somebody at SAS we're not
perfect but we do have reach and we do
it because we believe in it not not for
any other reason when we back someone
hard it you know it it works so a a
missed opportunity that AI can instantly
solve so a niche point but that's one of
the things I love about it right is no
cut no prospects left behind no prospect
is left behind and I can't tell you how
many sales motions I see participate in
watch where anything other than the
easiest low hanging leads even in 2025
are left behind and there's just no
excuse.
>> Yep. Um there's a few related questions.
Were all of your AI agents trained on
the data you aggregated from over the
years
or was it new data? So like our outbound
and we're starting to get questions in
the chat on like how we train our
outbound versus like inbound agents
different differently. coming.
Okay, you have to remember inbound is
much higher intent. They're coming to
your website. They probably already have
a sense of what you do. Um, they're
there for different use cases. So, we've
trained them much differently on one
versus the other. So, I'm seeing that
question come up now. But just to the
point on the data of what we trained our
AISRs on, our inbound agent is trained
on a lot more than our outbound, which
again maybe sounds counterintuitive for
folks because you would you'd think,
okay, don't I need don't I need it to
know more to do outbound because it's
cold, they don't know me as well. And
maybe, but like honestly, what we found
is keeping it simple and adding value.
The historical data has nothing to do
with that. like adding value to a
person. Sure. Is it nice to know that
they sponsored before or that they came
to SAS? Yes. And some of our outbound
does does do that. But honestly, I found
people switch companies so often,
especially in B2B and SAS that a lot of
the context we give our AI is almost
useless because we have 13 years of
data, but this person may have just
started at Cursor Anthropic and they
don't know that they spoke disaster
annual this year. They may not know all
these things. And so for us, we try and
again, we've tuned ours like all the way
to the max on the slider of adding value
to the person versus it talking about
Saster from like historic context or
what we've done with them on outbound.
Inbound's a lot different. Like if
they're coming to us, we've determined
that as a signal of okay, they're coming
to us, they're having a conversation
with us. In that case, cuz they're
coming to us, maybe it is actually more
beneficial to have our AI fill them in
on other things their company's doing.
And typically, it'll be like, okay, your
company's attended in the past. You
sponsored in the past, but also, hey,
did you know your company's like been on
our website a lot lately? Those kinds of
signals are a lot better on an inbound
where they already kind of know you and
you're filling in the blanks versus like
trying to educate them more so on the
outbound side.
Yeah, it's a good that's a great that
that's that's the great answer right
there. Um, very minor, but it was
interesting. We um, you know, we do we
do use this app called Deli as our
general AI agent, right? It's the first
one we did. It is trained on 20 million
words of SAT content. It's updated
almost in real time every day. So, this
will be in this will be automatically
ingested into that general AI later
today. Everything I wrote today will be
ingested. So, it is updated. But, it was
interesting. I wrote up this week the
CEO came and gave a presentation on a
million chats between my AI uh Brian
Haligans from HubSpot Keith Ra boy uh
and and Lenny's and um the the the
captain obvious one of the many captain
obvious learnings was the value
radically declines after X months like
the old stuff that Brian did the old
stuff that I did there is value there
right but you almost want to repromote
it and edit it which we do on Saster I
edit old content and update it because
the value in that agent of old content
is very very Oh, so um just like Amelia
said, you don't need a trillion great
emails that worked in the past. Just one
or two is enough to get this
multivariant engine going, right? You
you may need a smaller body of higher
quality recent content to make this work
than as large a body as you think. And a
lot of folks have have come to our
events in the past and said, "Oh, well,
we could never catch up with SAS. You
have 20 million words of content." Well,
the Deli example is a perfect you don't
really need 20 million, right? You might
need 20,000 great words of content that
are recent on your product. It might be
enough to make the AI great. You don't
really need what and we got this wrong
in the beginning because we we were very
early here and we had our general agent
everywhere. It was it was qualifying
accidentally. It was doing customer
support. It was answering founder
questions and it was so good and it was
calling back some old stuff. But I think
we missed the fact that it it wasn't it
was a little bit great because it has 20
million words of content, but it was
especially good just cuz we were keeping
it constantly updated every day with
three to four new pieces of relevant
content. I think that was more powerful
than the long tail and I I got that
wrong.
>> Yeah. Um last question related on the
topic. Question from Kelly was how much
time do we spend monitoring the AI SDRs
interactions with customers and
prospects? Is it more or less than
human?
>> It's more, right? There's so much
resistance to sharing data, inputting
data. Ameilia may say differently that
because it's all measurable and we can
see it, we spend much more time just
because it's it's it's visible.
Uh, one other captain and obvious
comment. Um,
uh, I was watching a demo the other day
of a next generation AISDR product that
is designed for new founders that
haven't done sales to take none of their
time up. Right? This is a next
generation idea. It's interesting. But
the the the and what the reason I bring
that up is if I think about if I think
about one of the reminders from AISDRs
is founders especially
vastly underestimate the amount of
management time it takes for human sales
reps. They va they don't re understand
how much time a good VP of sales and my
god a VP of outbound or SDR development
spends with their team. It's a mammoth
amount of time. And so in that founder
run stage, founder-ledd stage, very few
folks can survive in that environment
without enough oversight and coaching
and therapy from they just don't you
just don't have enough time. And you can
do a lot of this with AI. In fact, you
could probably do almost 100% of SDR,
but you got to put in more time because
you weren't putting in enough. Wait
until you have a human great SDR, I mean
sales leader. you will see they're
spending so much time coaching, fixing,
backfilling, reading, reviewing,
listening to their team. And no founders
have the time to put into it. So, you're
going to have to make more time to
Amelia's point to get this right, not
less. This is you will get more
benefits, but you do not get time back.
You lose time. You lose time with these
agents.
>> Yep. There's a there's more of a comment
question. Um in the chat and then maybe
we can break on any final thoughts, but
Felicia has said some of the problem too
with training humans versus AIS is that
you'll train them, you'll invest in
them, and then in a few months they'll
leave you for a quote unquote better
company. Wish my comment back was unless
you cancel your contract for your AI
agents, it's not going to leave you
willingly. though.
>> Yeah. I don't know if he Yeah, this is
one of the things I talk about, but I
think people miss. We talk about it. Um,
we want AI to like we want to press a
button and have it do things we we can't
find people for, right? We want to do
that and we want it to produce massive
uplifts in revenue. You know, the reason
we got started on this Saster journey,
and I think people are missing, is
Ameilia and I didn't want to use AI to
to to make SAS better. We wanted to use
AI because people kept quitting that
didn't want to do the work. We The
reason we replaced our human SDRs with
AIS is not because we didn't we asked
them all to stay but after a couple
years they didn't want to do it. They
all went off and wanted to be VPs of
sales and typically failed almost
immediately or other things but they
just didn't want to do the job and it
was exhausting to replace them. And so
we just started replacing different
humans and then our content team like
got tired of reviewing 2,000 speaker
sessions each year. So they quit on us
and so we replaced that with an AI. And
so we didn't do this to increase revenue
or to save money. We did it because we
were burnt out with people just just
with change and especially post 2022
change. And so that's a start. But
what's really the next wave next year is
there just aren't enough people that
want to do the type of work we need them
to do. It's hard. People don't want to
do it anymore. Young, medium, old,
retired. It's just the honest truth. And
so we're going to be using more and
more. We are we're early on this on SAS.
We're all going to be using these AI
tools, not so much because they're
better, but because they are there,
because they work, because they don't
quit, because you you can't find the
humans. You can't find anyone that's
good enough to be worth giving those
precious leads to. Leads are precious
for many, many, many years. And it's
better to give a precious lead to an to
a B+ AI than to give it to someone in
sales that's going to quit, not show up,
or screw up the deal. That's what's
happening. We're going to use AI to
replace the roles that people don't want
to do. Even if they pretend they want to
do on LinkedIn, they don't want to do
it. And that's why it's going to
radically accelerate the next 24 months.
So, thanks everybody for all the time.
We'll do another one of these very soon.